Updates in Docs (#81)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _docs/troubleshooting.markdown

---
title: Troubleshooting
order: 4
---

{% include h title="Updating" %}

Normally, the plugin update should go seamlessly. In case of any issues,
 try refreshing the project (click **Refresh** in the Cargo tool window) or rebuilding indices (
**File | Invalidate caches / Restart** from the main menu).
 
Previous versions of the plugin are availabe at the
[JetBrains plugin repo](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8182).

{% include h title="Toolchain setup" %}

To make sure your toolchain is set up correctly, 
go to `Settings / Preferences | Languages & Frameworks | Rust` and check the `Toolchain location` 
and `Standard library` paths.

> 

Reviewer: Let's keep note about "we support only Cargo based projects". Although around 99% of Rust projects use Cargo, there are examples where another build system is used (for example, Bazel)

{% include h title="Cargo project structure" %}

Check the Cargo tool window to make sure your project is imported properly. 

To force the project structure update, click **Refresh** in the Cargo tool window 
(or call **Refresh Cargo project** using `Help | Find Action`).
 You should see a notification about the successful update.

{% include h title="Macro expansion" %}

> If your code includes macros and you experience problems with name resolve, highlighting, or some analysis features,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your code includes macros or you experience problems with name resolve, highlighting, or some analysis features (especially related to methods of primitive types),
```

>  try switching the macro expansion engine in `Settings / Preferences | Languages & Frameworks | Rust`, 

Reviewer: Maybe it's worth to mention the experimental macro engine directly?
